CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing guidelines

## Pull Request Checklist

Before sending your pull requests, make sure you followed this list.

- Read [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Ensure you have signed the [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)](https://cla.developers.google.com/).
- (Note: additional technical details TBD by community.)

## How to become a contributor and submit your own code

### Contributor License Agreements

We'd love to accept your patches! Before we can take them, we have to jump a couple of legal hurdles.

Please fill out either the individual or corporate Contributor License Agreement (CLA).

  * If you are an individual writing original source code and you're sure you own the intellectual property, then you'll need to sign an [individual CLA](https://code.google.com/legal/individual-cla-v1.0.html).
  * If you work for a company that wants to allow you to contribute your work, then you'll need to sign a [corporate CLA](https://code.google.com/legal/corporate-cla-v1.0.html).

Follow either of the two links above to access the appropriate CLA and instructions for how to sign and return it. Once we receive it, we'll be able to accept your pull requests.

***NOTE***: Only original source code from you and other people that have signed the CLA can be accepted into the main repository. (Note: we need to modify this to allow third party code under Apache2 or MIT license with additional review.)

### Contributing code

If you have improvements to MLPerf, send us your pull requests! For those
just getting started, Github has a [howto](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).

### Contribution guidelines and standards

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

#### General guidelines and philosophy for contribution

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

#### License

Include a license at the top of new files.

* [C/C++ license example](https://github.com/mlperf/policies/blob/master/license_example_DRAFT.cpp)
* [Python license example](https://github.com/mlperf/policies/blob/master/license_example_DRAFT.py)

#### C++ coding style

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

#### Python coding style

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

#### Running sanity check

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

#### Running unit tests

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

Commit message:

add guide to format c++ code

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing guidelines

## Pull Request Checklist

Before sending your pull requests, make sure you followed this list.

- Read [contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Ensure you have signed the [Contributor License Agreement (CLA)](https://cla.developers.google.com/).
- (Note: additional technical details TBD by community.)

## How to become a contributor and submit your own code

### Contributor License Agreements

We'd love to accept your patches! Before we can take them, we have to jump a couple of legal hurdles.

Please fill out either the individual or corporate Contributor License Agreement (CLA).

  * If you are an individual writing original source code and you're sure you own the intellectual property, then you'll need to sign an [individual CLA](https://code.google.com/legal/individual-cla-v1.0.html).
  * If you work for a company that wants to allow you to contribute your work, then you'll need to sign a [corporate CLA](https://code.google.com/legal/corporate-cla-v1.0.html).

Follow either of the two links above to access the appropriate CLA and instructions for how to sign and return it. Once we receive it, we'll be able to accept your pull requests.

***NOTE***: Only original source code from you and other people that have signed the CLA can be accepted into the main repository. (Note: we need to modify this to allow third party code under Apache2 or MIT license with additional review.)

### Contributing code

If you have improvements to MLPerf, send us your pull requests! For those
just getting started, Github has a [howto](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/).

### Contribution guidelines and standards

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

#### General guidelines and philosophy for contribution

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

#### License

Include a license at the top of new files.

* [C/C++ license example](https://github.com/mlperf/policies/blob/master/license_example_DRAFT.cpp)
* [Python license example](https://github.com/mlperf/policies/blob/master/license_example_DRAFT.py)

#### C++ coding style

The code was originally contributed by Google so it conforms to the [Google C++ Style Guide](https://google.github.io/styleguide/cppguide.html).

Use the `clang-format` to check your C/C++ changes. To install `clang-format`, do:

```bash
sudo apt install clang-format
```

You can also check C/C++ files by running the `format_code.sh` script (recommended):
```bash
bash format_code.sh
```

The script also checks the format of modified bazel build files using [buildifier](https://github.com/bazelbuild/buildtools/tree/master/buildifier).

#### Python coding style

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

#### Running sanity check

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)

#### Running unit tests

(Note: Technical details TBD by community.)
